# ITWS-2110-F25-SawyerMontembeau-Lab3

This lab contains the weather and other API site that was created using only ChatGPT for lab 4 of ITWS-2110

Prompts:
-------------------------------------

 - Prompt 1(Copy-pasted section of the Lab 3 instructions with addition of my weather api key and instruction to complete it)
 
    Use OpenWeatherMap for this lab! Connect to its API and see what information you get back from   it. Don’t forget to check out the HTTP response headers: do they include extra metadata not found in the JSON that you might find useful?
    Find another free (you are not allowed to pay for anything) API that provides some other kind of data (your choice!). Do the same as with the OpenWeatherMap API.
    Next, write a web app to show the weather for Troy, NY, and then – think “creativity,” fill out the rest of your app with other information provided to you by both of your APIs.
    It is important to check out the API documentation for both of your APIs to see what data you can get… you might be surprised how much you can get!
    Use CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/jQuery/whatever (as long as it’s not a web framework) to make your web app interesting! Make sure you have valid HTML and CSS (warnings OK, but no errors of your own making… -5 if there are HTML errors; -5 if there are CSS errors).
    YOU MUST CITE ALL YOUR SOURCES IN YOUR README.MD! YOU GET A 0 FOR THE LAB AND A ONE LETTER GRADE DEDUCTION FROM YOUR FINAL GRADE IF YOU DON’T DO THIS! (It’s plagiarism!)
    Example weather-only implementation using Bootstrap. Yours needs to be better than this! (And use both of your APIs):

    Grading:
    Getting data from APIs (AJAX)					10 pts
    Manipulating data received from APIs (JSON)			10 pts
    Quality HTML/CSS/JS						10 pts
    Creativity							10 pts
    README.md							10 pts
    Total								50 pts
    For an additional 5 points, see if you can figure out how to use the HTML5 Geolocation API to get the weather for the user based on their location rather than hard coding Troy, NY.

    My Open weather API key is: c81489afd5d230b3ef7452cc96412aff

    do it for me

- Prompt 2

    Access to fetch at 'https://api.openaq.org/v2/latest?coordinates=42.7284,-73.6918&radius=20000&limit=5' from origin 'http://127.0.0.1:3000' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.Understand this error app.js:39 GET https://api.openaq.org/v2/latest?coordinates=42.7284,-73.6918&radius=20000&limit=5 net::ERR_FAILED 410 (Gone) fetchOpenAQ @ app.js:39 refreshAll @ app.js:134 await in refreshAll (anonymous) @ app.js:166Understand this error app.js:138 TypeError: Failed to fetch at fetchOpenAQ (app.js:39:22) at refreshAll (app.js:134:36) These errors are occuring in the console

    Fix it for me


- Prompt 3

    make the website more interesting visually stylize more and if you want to add any images make sure you generate them

- Prompt 4

    add the dark mode toggle and the animated weather backgrounds

- Prompt 5

    the text doesnt always change with dark mode changes fix it

- Prompt 6

    the text generated by the script still doesnt change, fix it

- Prompt 7

    still doesnt work:

    some examples of text that doesnt change are:

    Source: OpenWeatherMap

    Temperature: 13.2°C / 55.8°F (feels like 12.8°C / 55.1°F)
    Humidity: 85% • Wind: 4.12 m/s
    Sunrise: 7:06:51 AM • Sunset: 6:14:14 PM

    Nearest measurements to Troy, NY
